README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-file MD013 -->

# AutoEQ : an automatic eq for your speaker or headset

The software help you find very good EQ for your speaker or your headset. It is available as a CLI or as an application.

## Install

### Cargo

Install [rustup](https://rustup.rs/) first.

If you already have cargo / rustup:

```shell
cargo install autoeq
```

and you are set up. See this [README](src-autoeq/README.md) for instructions on how to use it.

### Optional Features

#### PNG Export

By default, AutoEQ only generates HTML plots. To enable PNG export functionality (which requires a WebDriver), install with the `plotly_static` feature:

```shell
cargo install autoeq --features plotly_static
```

This feature is disabled by default to reduce dependencies and build complexity. HTML plots provide the same visualization capabilities without requiring additional system dependencies.

## Toolkit

### src-autoeq

A [CLI](src-autoeq/README.md) to optimise the response of your headset or headphone.
A corresponing App is also available at [https://github.com/pierreaubert/autoeq-app](https://github.com/pierreaubert/autoeq-app).

### src-testfunctions

A [set of functions](src-testfunctions/README.md) for testing non linear optimisation algorithms

### src-de

A implementation of [differential evolution algorithm](src-de/README.md) (forked from Scipy) with an interface to NLopt and MetaHeuristics two libraries that also provide various optimisation algorithms. DE support linear and non-linear constraints and implement other features like JADE or adaptative behaviour.

### src-cea2034

A implementation of CEA2034 aka [Spinorama](https://spinorama.org): a set of metrics and curves that describe a loudspeaker performance.

### src-env

A small set of functions and constants used by the other crates but you are unlikely to be interested.

Commit message:

fix(ui): correct import path, introduce CaptureResult type, remove legacy AudioProcessor usage; fix Tauri build

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-file MD013 -->

# AutoEQ : an automatic eq for your speaker or headset

The software help you find very good EQ for your speakers or your headsets. It is available as a CLI or as an application.

## Install

### Cargo

Install [rustup](https://rustup.rs/) first.

If you already have cargo / rustup:

```shell
cargo install just
just
```

Select the correct install just command for your platform:
```shell
just install-...
```

You can build or test with a simple:
```shell
just build
just test
```

and you are set up. See this [README](src-autoeq/README.md) for instructions on how to use it.

### Optional Features

#### PNG Export

By default, AutoEQ only generates HTML plots. To enable PNG export functionality (which requires a WebDriver), install with the `plotly_static` feature:

```shell
cargo install autoeq --features plotly_static
```

This feature is disabled by default to reduce dependencies and build complexity. HTML plots provide the same visualization capabilities without requiring additional system dependencies.

## Toolkit

### src-autoeq

A [CLI](src-autoeq/README.md) to optimise the response of your headset or headphone.
A corresponing App is also available at [https://github.com/pierreaubert/autoeq-app](https://github.com/pierreaubert/autoeq-app).

### src-testfunctions

A [set of functions](src-testfunctions/README.md) for testing non linear optimisation algorithms

### src-de

A implementation of [differential evolution algorithm](src-de/README.md) (forked from Scipy) with an interface to NLopt and MetaHeuristics two libraries that also provide various optimisation algorithms. DE support linear and non-linear constraints and implement other features like JADE or adaptative behaviour.

### src-cea2034

A implementation of CEA2034 aka [Spinorama](https://spinorama.org): a set of metrics and curves that describe a loudspeaker performance.

### src-env

A small set of functions and constants used by the other crates but you are unlikely to be interested.

### src-ui-backend

The backend take care of all the Audio activities (from recording to playing). It does not use WebAudio but CamillaDSP and Symphonia. It also provides support for IIR filters, SPL computations etc

The backend also make the interface with autoeq. It should be splitted in 2 crates.

### src-ui-frontend

The UI frontend :) Nothing special here, just a boring UI.

### src-tauri

The Tauri backend for the frontend. Noting special here, just a wrapper around src-ui-backend.
